h1. Sinatra-Auth

I know, I know! There are already some implementations out there. Please don't 
ask me why ... I just did it! Just let me put my stuff to all the other projects, 
ok? Now it's up to you. :)

* "Sinatra Basic Authentication - Selectively Applied":http://www.gittr.com/index.php/archive/sinatra-basic-authentication-selectively-applied/
  <br/>You'll find similar *DIY* implementations in many sinatra projects (e.g. sinatra-wiki, ...)

* "sbfaulkner / sinatra_authentication":http://github.com/sbfaulkner/sinatra_authentication
  <br/>Like DIY, but uses Rack::Auth in a nice *helper*. Easy to use for models classes.

* "blindgaenger / sinatra-auth":http://github.com/blindgaenger/sinatra-auth &laquo; Yep, this project!
  <br/>Adds Rack::Auth as *middleware* and checks protected routes before dispatching to sinatra.

* "maxjustus / sinatra-authentication":http://github.com/maxjustus/sinatra-authentication
  <br/>If you need *session based* authentication using DataMapper, this is for you!

* "Sinatra Lighthouse [PATCH] HTTP Authentication":http://sinatra.lighthouseapp.com/projects/9779/tickets/16-patch-http-authentication
  <br/>But actually I really hope any HTTP authentication will become an *integrated part* of sinatra!

Done?

h2. Installation

  sudo gem source --add http://gems.github.com
  sudo gem install blindgaenger-sinatra-auth

h2. Usage

TODO

h2. Contact

You can contact me via mail at blindgaenger at gmail dot com, or leave me a 
message on my "Github profile":http://github.com/blindgaenger.

